>> It's time for magic and
mystery at the Fourth Turning.
Let's enter the Buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to Buzzsaw, where we
cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore
the hidden truths.
I'm your host Sean Stone,
and joining me today
is Jay Weidner, who was
called by "Wired" magazine
an authority on the hermetic
and alchemical traditions.
Jay Weidner is a renowned
filmmaker, author, and scholar.
His body of works
offers great insight
into the circumstances
that have led
to the current global crisis.
He's writer/director of the new
feature film "The Last Avatar,"
director of the critically
acclaimed documentary
"Infinity: The Ultimate
Trip, Journey Beyond Death"
and writer/director of the
documentary series on the work
of Stanley Kubrick, including
"Kubrick's Odyssey" and "Beyond
the Infinite."
Today he takes us on a
journey into his research.
So I want to start
by asking you,
you've said that the only people
who call conspiracies theories
are the conspirators.
>> Yeah.
>> And that begs the
question, you know,
why do you believe in
conspiracy so adamantly?
What was your wakening moment?
>> Well, I had the good fortune
most of my life of, for some
reason, being invited into
high-ranking Freemasonic
libraries, and by
33rd-degree Freemasons,
who took a liking to
me for some reason.
I could never take
the books home,
but I could read them
in their libraries.
And I was maybe in my
early 20s at this point.
And I started reading a lot
of very interesting books.
And I began realizing
that, in fact, conspiracy
is the way of life and
political landscape.
And they don't want
you to know that,
so they make sure that anybody
who talks about conspiracies
are labeled a theorist or
a whack job or something.
>> So what would be some of the
most mind-blowing conspiracies
that you've ever encountered?
Things that maybe
even make you say,
I don't know if I can believe
that, but it's quite possible.
>> I think the culminating
moment for me was when I read
a book, a very obscure book,
called "Was Jonestown a CIA
Medical Experiment?"
by an Oxford
professor of religion.
And it was a very intense
read, about 300 pages.
And I got so terrified
at the end of the book
that I wrapped
myself in a blanket
and crawled under my bed.
And I truly believe that it was
a CIA medical experiment now.
I firmly believe it.
And that was probably
the most terrifying book
I have probably ever read.
>> But obviously given that
was in the '70s and here we are
today with almost
on a daily basis,
just do you think that what
we're seeing when it comes
to all these mass shootings
and a lot of the media storms
around events, do they indicate
sort of mass psychological
operations being done
against the American people?
>> Yeah, I would say definitely.
I would say that I would find
almost every mass shooting
event of the last five
years to be very suspect--
very suspect.
And the more that you
look into these things
and the more you try to
get details, the less
you get details.
And then you get details that
contradict the story line.
So I'm very suspicious
of almost every event
that I'm hearing about.
I believe that,
in fact, it is CNN
and MSNBC and Fox that
are the fake news,
and we're the real news.
>> I agree with you on that.
So you've written about this
concept of the Fourth Turning
in American history, that
basically every 70 to 80 years
there is this sort of
massive transformative event,
going back to the
American Revolution, then
the Civil War, World War II.
And the idea is that each
time, each of these events
is essentially reflecting on the
sins and the crimes that were
left incomplete of the past--
>> That's right.
>> --the things that were
attempted but never resolved.
So what would that
leave us if we were now
approaching the Fourth Turning?
>> Well, we are approaching
the Fourth Turning.
And I would point out that Steve
Bannon, Trump's top adviser,
has written extensively
about the Fourth Turning.
So he's very aware of this.
"The Fourth Turning," of course,
is a book by Howe and Strauss
about American history.
I highly recommend
that everyone read it.
And, yeah, from 1776
was the First Turning.
1860 was the Second Turning.
1940 to '45 was
the Third Turning,
and now we're approaching
the Fourth Turning, which
would be done by 2025 or so.
And basically, yeah, so
in the first turning,
in order to keep
the Union together,
the Southern states were going
to bolt if we outlawed slavery.
And Jefferson and Washington,
believe it or not,
actually tried to do
it, but they couldn't.
They realized that they had
to hold the Union together
because the British were
so adamant about getting
their country back.
And so that sin of
slavery was left
to fester until Lincoln
decided to solve
the problem in the 1860s,
which is the Second Turning.
And what's interesting is on the
Third Turning, which was 1940
to '45 or so, the most popular
movie of the Third Turning
until "Jaws,"
actually, was "Gone
with the Wind," which
is a reflection of how
great the antebellum South was.
And, you know, when you
watch "Gone with the Wind"
today with our eyes, it's almost
like a freakish experience.
It isn't even a good movie.
It's like, who are
these people, right?
And so we're so alienated
from even the people that
were in the Third
Turning now that we're
approaching the Fourth Turning.
And this country will
be completely different,
just like at the
end of World War II.
We were a completely
different country
than when we started
World War II.
We will be a completely
different country
in eight years or so.
>> Are you saying that we
basically have to deal with
the sins of slavery,
the ghosts of--
>> Yes.
>> --also the Native
American experience here?
I mean, the fact of a lot of
genocide, a lot of trauma that
has occurred,
you're saying these
are going to be addressed
in this turning.
>> That's exactly right.
And you're seeing
the movies again--
"12 Years as a Slave,"
"Django Unchained."
>> "Birth of a Nation."
>> "Birth of a Nation,"
you're seeing a return back
to the reflecting on the Civil
War and the sins of the Civil
War and pre-Civil War
and the antebellum South.
And yeah, Black Lives
Matter rising up
at this time and all of
that, that's not an accident.
That's a reflection
of the Turning.
And we're going to have
to deal with these things.
And it's just something
that we have to deal with.
And we can't run or shirk
our responsibilities.
The Fourth Turning
is here, and it's
going to be the biggest
of all the Turns.
>> So you know, some people look
at this as we're living in end
times situation, right?
And I mean, I guess
you could argue
that if you lived through
World War I or World War II,
you would have thought that was
the end of the world, right?
But we have the trumpet--
Trump is trumpet, maybe--
>> Trump, right.
>> --of the revelations.
>> Right.
>> There are certain, you
know, conflicts and issues
of dramatic global catastrophes.
The climate change
may reflect really
something that's more
of a world event than--
sorry, a natural occurring
world event than anything.
So what do you think we should
be looking for in these--
you know, let's say if we
are living through end times,
what should we be looking for,
and what dangers and risks
are we facing?
>> Well, I don't think we're
living through end times,
first off.
I think everybody thinks they're
living through the end times.
And frankly it gets
tiring after a while.
But we do have big problems,
the acidification of the oceans.
We've got serious problems.
There's a pile of plastic in
the Pacific the size of Texas.
That has to be dealt with.
And what you were talking
about with the Native Americans
and African-American
populations,
we have to rectify those sins.
And we're going to have to
do it in a positive way.
And I think with
African-Americans,
I think we really need to get
in and tackle the education
system that they're under.
And I think all of
these things are
going to go away, by the way.
I don't think that we're going
to be paying $200,000 to go
to college anymore.
I think you're going to get
an MIT education online.
It's going to be free.
I think that
Congress is no longer
going to go to Washington.
They're going to
meet on the internet.
There's no reason for them
to all go to Washington.
Stay home.
Get away from the slime in the
swamp there and the lobbyists,
and stay with your
constituents and your family.
And you meet on the internet.
We don't need to do any of that.
And I think we're doing
a whole rethink right now
of everything we're doing.
And I think that's
a really good thing.
And we're going to
go more locally.
We're going to get
our food more locally.
We're going to make sure that
our water supplies are clean.
But we're also
going to be global.
So we're going to have
electronic global culture
with an intrinsic
local culture, and it's
going to be very interesting.
And I think the world
that we're coming to,
I'm very optimistic, actually.
People are very pessimistic
around me, but I'm not.
I think actually
things are better
now than they've ever been.
There's fewer wars.
I know that sounds
hard to believe.
There are fewer wars going
on right now than ever.
You have the education of
the world at your fingertips,
which is unbelievable.
When I was young, I
had to go to libraries.
I had to look up stuff.
I had to figure it
all out for myself.
And now I've got
everything right
at my fingertip on the internet.
And I think that we're
all becoming more aware.
We're becoming aware
of what's in our food.
We're becoming aware of what the
corporations are doing to us.
We're becoming aware of
what Monsanto is up to.
And I think those things
are going to go away.
That's the revolution.
It's a revolution between
consciousness and unawareness.
>> Right.
It's almost this
techgnosis concept.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, in the old--
you're an avid student
of alchemy, magic,
and these practices.
And it seems that now the
technology and the internet,
these things are
basically bringing us
to a place where the
magicians used to work.
They would work in
the virtual domains.
They would work
action at a distance.
Over, you know, great distances
you could make things happen.
And now we can do those same
things thanks to the technology
that's now becoming available.
So essentially, do you think
that we are essentially
taking back the planet from
the magicians and the sorcerers
that perhaps have run things
for the last thousands of years?
>> I do.
I think we've been living in
their universe, Spielberg's
universe, and
politicians' universe,
and these great magicians.
And Spielberg is a
magician for sure.
And I think now we're
emerging and we're
creating our own forms.
And, you know, it kind
of irritates the powers
that be, because now I have
a camera that can do what
Spielberg's cameras can do.
And I only paid $2,000 for it.
And so I think that that's where
this is all going to emerge.
But what I think is really the
crux of the Fourth Turning--
and I can't emphasize
this enough--
and again, it's the internet
that's responsible for this.
And we'll go back to 1992,
which is about beginnings
of the internet.
And we'll take like the first
eight years of the internet,
from 1992 to 2000.
Well, it was nothing
but conspiracy theories,
crazy facts running around.
Everybody was confused.
Nobody had the right narrative.
And I say that that's very
similar to your first eight
years in school, where you're
just thrown a bunch of facts.
They're teaching you stuff.
You don't know why they're
teaching it to you.
It's mostly confusion.
But then in about
2000, aggregate sites
started up, like Drudge
and all these other sites.
And what they were
was they were guys
who had specialties in
information allocation.
And so we began
trusting aggregate sites
to go through and sift
through everything
and become our trusted guide
that would give us the stories
that they had already vetted.
And that is what happens
also after about eight years
in school.
You begin, hey, I want to
learn how to play the piano.
Hey, I want to learn
what physics is.
I want to learn this.
You start taking
the disparate facts
and turning it into knowledge.
And that's what
happened around 2000.
And what really got it
going was, of course, 9/11,
when everybody
jumped in and started
citizens'
investigations, which I
don't think the powers that
be ever imagined would happen.
OK, so now, our
process of maturation
goes through facts,
knowledge, and finally wisdom.
And that's where we're
approaching right now.
We're taking all this
knowledge that we've
aggregated all
over the internet,
and we're becoming wise.
And this is the final act.
And when we become wise,
we're going to say,
hey, what are we doing
polluting our lands?
What are we doing with
these nuclear weapons?
What are we doing here?
We're just a bunch of little
children beating each other up
and playing with our toys.
And it's like time to stop.
This is dangerous.
And I think that's
where we're headed.
And I think that is going to be
where the Fourth Turning ends
up, in a very wise world,
a world of very wise people
who understand and discern
between the facts and the BS.
And that's where we're headed.
>> You mentioned
Spielberg as a magician,
and you say that
very definitively.
>> Yes.
>> Now what is the
nature of movie "Magic"?
I mean, does it affect--
we know it obviously
affects our psychology,
and it affects our
spiritual state.
So you know how is this, what
is the actual device used
in this way, and what
is the intention,
do you think, behind
the magicians using film
for their magic?
>> Well, you know, film is a
fascinating art form in that it
is projected onto a screen,
and we're sitting in the dark.
And we're getting
images and audio,
which are feeding very
deep centers in our brain
and our consciousness.
And that's happening,
but also what's happening
is that film is the
closest art form to dreams.
And so when I watch a
film, the films I like
are the closest to dreams.
And, for instance, your father's
film "JFK," it's like a dream.
It's like this weird dream,
a strange, weird dream
with grains changing, and
resolution is changing.
And that, to me,
is a great film.
Because when I got done with the
film, I not only learned a lot,
but I felt like I had
passed through this kind
of dreamy atmosphere.
And that's kind of what
I want from a film.
And Spielberg has that
dreaminess to him.
And so does Stanley
Kubrick and a lot
of the other great filmmakers.
And so that's what
I think it is,
is that dreams influence
us more than we think.
And I think filmmakers realize
that the dreamier they make
their film, the more it will
get into our subconscious
and have an influence on us.
And so I applaud
great filmmaking
because I know how hard it is.
And it's really, really
hard to make a good film.
>> So you mentioned Kubrick,
and obviously you're a great
student of his.
The big question, you
know, the $20 million
question, did he fake
the Moon landing?
Did he film that, what
we saw on television?
>> Yeah, it was all
done by Stanley.
I'm not saying that they
didn't go to the Moon.
I don't know.
I've never been there.
I can't tell you.
But I know what they
showed us was fake,
and I can tell you because I
can see the fingerprints of how
they do it.
And I just happen to be an
expert in a process called
front screen projection.
And I was working with Richard
Hoagland in the early '90s,
and we were going to
all the NASA facilities
and looking at all the
photographs and the video, what
little video there was.
And I kept noticing
this strange something
about the photographs
and the video,
in that everything
seemed to be in focus.
And I couldn't figure
out how a 70 millimeter
camera, Hasselblad
with the long lens,
could keep everything in focus.
There was no creamy
backgrounds or anything.
Everything was sharp-- images
up front, images in back.
And then the first DVD
came out of "2001,"
so I was a naturally big fan.
I bought it.
I put it on my TV.
And I noticed the ape scenes
at the beginning of "2001"
had, again, that same quality
where everything was in focus.
And I knew that they were
front screen projection.
I knew exactly how Stanley
had done those scenes.
They were all done
in the studio.
He did it with huge
plates behind them,
and I thought, well,
that is strange.
The same effect
is on the Apollo.
Then I went back to
the Apollo photographs,
and there was a tell-tale line
behind every single photograph.
And it's the line where
the set meets the screen.
And you can see it.
There's a change in
granularity and everything
on this tell-tale line.
And I knew I'd nabbed it.
And then I started going
through all the photographs,
and I saw the signatures
were in every one of them.
And I realized that "2001"
was an R&D for the Apollo.
>> Right.
>> And that he was going to
work out all the techniques with
Douglas Trumbull in "2001,"
and then he would apply that
to the Apollo.
And frankly, everybody
can say that I'm wrong,
and I really don't care.
But if you watch "The
Shining," his movie
"The Shining"-- and by the way,
Stephen King agrees with me--
every time that he deviates
from the Stephen King novel,
he's telling you about
the Apollo, what he
did during the Apollo launch.
>> You're saying King
agrees with that theory.
>> Yes he does.
>> Really?
>> King is somebody who
believes Oswald killed Kennedy.
>> I know.
I can't believe that one.
But no he knows there's
something terribly wrong
with "The Shining,"
with Kubrick's
version of "The Shining."
And there's things
that are inexplicable.
But I mean, Kubrick
absolutely insults
Stephen King in the movie.
Stephen King in the book
has Jack driving a red
Volkswagen. In the movie,
it's a yellow Volkswagen.
But as Hallorann is
going up to the overlook
to save Danny and his mom,
he passes a car accident
in which a semi has
crushed a red Volkswagen
flat into the ground.
And that's Stanley
telling Steven,
this is what I think
of your vehicle.
>> Why?
Well-- oh, I see.
Well, I was going to mention
because King got hit--
>> Well, he did get hit.
>> --many years later.
>> He did.
>> Now, speaking of Kubrick,
one other thing that's been
mentioned about Kubrick is that
he has this ability to sort
of-- he had "The
Shining" himself.
That was what I have heard.
It was rumored that he actually
had his ability to see things,
that he had a psychic ability.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think that he
predicted 9/11 with "2001"
in some capacity?
>> Well, I'll tell
you what I think.
I think he got
word from the mob.
I have pretty good evidence
that his early films were
financed by the New York mob.
And he was really good
friends with Mel Brooks too,
by the way.
They both lived in
the Village very close
to each other, both young
filmmakers in the '50s.
And personally I think
maybe Stanley was even
supplementing his income by
helping to shoot some porno
and stuff at the time.
And of course we know the
mob is behind all the porno.
And I think he got word that
they were going to do something
in 2001 or something.
Because he changed the name
of the film from "Voyage
to the Stars" to
"2001" in '67, which
was right when the
World Trade Center
was decided by the
Port Commission
to build the World Trade Center.
And it was being built
during this whole period.
And there's a lot of
evidence that there
wasn't that many businesses
inside the World Trade Center.
There's photographs
clearly taken
which show that most of the
floors are completely empty.
So you really wonder what
the World Trade Center was.
What was it all about?
And Mel Brooks also,
by the way, did
a "Get Smart" where
he wrote and directed
in which he intimates that
he understands about "2001"
and the collapse of
the buildings in 1967.
>> Right.
The two become one--
2001.
>> Two become one.
>> Two becomes one.
>> That's right.
>> And I just think of the
consciousness shift that "2001"
represented was a shift
to this digital virtual--
>> Yes it was.
>> --this digital age that
we have entered, right?
>> That is exactly right.
>> The new AI era.
>> That's right.
And it was the
event of 9/11 which
activated our consciousness.
We all wanted to know
what really happened.
We had the internet finally.
And we went for it.
And we found out.
And we also found out
that the powers that be
were not going to tell us.
We had to find it all
out for ourselves.
And by the way, the
Millennium building,
it's shaped just like the
black monolith in "2001,"
and it was christened
in early 2001.
>> Right, precisely.
>> So I mean, there's a direct
connection to the World Trade
Center to Stanley
Kubrick's film.
>> Yeah.
>> So we just mentioned AI,
Artificial Intelligence,
this new domain
of consciousness.
So I have to ask you about
the show "Westworld."
I think I heard you're
a pretty big fan.
>> Yes.
>> And I'm curious to know
what it is that you believe
the messaging is that's
going on through that show.
I know Elon Musk is a
big adviser, for example,
to the filmmakers on that.
>> Yeah, I really
applaud Jonathan Nolan.
I think he's doing a
really wonderful job,
and I'm so happy that
the series is shot
on film, because I love film.
But it's really about
the gnostic journey,
the journey of gnosis or
knowledge, of us waking up.
And in this instance, he's
turned it around beautifully
and made the AI is
waking up to the fact
that we're not gods, just
like we are waking up.
In the gnostic texts, we
are waking up to the fact
that the demi-urge or
Yahweh is not really god.
He's a fake god.
And he's faking
everything and so
that we're fooled so that
he can take energy from us,
essentially.
The archons can
take energy from us
and keep us kind of in a
semi-dilapidated conscious
state.
And that's exactly what
Anthony Hopkins is doing.
He's the demi-urge
in "Westworld."
And he's planting programs
within the AI to wake them up.
And the owner of
Westworld, who's Ed Harris,
he's trying to find out what
Anthony Hopkins is really
doing before it's too late.
But in the end it's too late.
They've woken up.
>> Right.
>> And it's just a
beautiful series.
I've watched it twice now,
and I'd watch it a third time.
>> You mentioned this--
I mean, not you
mentioned, but the idea
of waking up within the dream.
>> Yeah.
>> I think back on
Kubrick's "Eyes Wide Shut,"
which is itself so powerful
in the sense of this
character's journey into
the elite circles of power
and their sex rituals.
So we actually have a question
from David in New York.
And there has always
been this rumor, did WB--
Warner Brothers-- request
that Kubrick make edits
to the "Eyes Wide
Shut" sex party
to basically
mitigate things that
were shown within that
party, and apparently
also the idea that it was based
on some Rothschild parties
from the '70s?
>> It was based.
And I'll believe that Kubrick
may have attended that party
in particular, and that's
what he based that party on
was the real one in '72.
Because he was
definitely hanging
with those guys in big
circles in London at the time.
But there was editing.
I knew-- I don't
know him anymore.
I knew his number one assistant,
and he was with Stanley
while the Warner Brothers
executives were watching "Eyes
Wide Shut," the first cut.
And Kubrick had taken up smoking
again, which he had quit.
And he was 69 years old,
and he was chain smoking.
And he kept saying,
they're going to hate it.
They're going to hate it.
They're going to kill me.
They're going to hate it,
over and over to himself.
Then he got called
in to this thing
after the screening, in which
there was a lot of screaming.
That's all I can tell you.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, and then they
demanded 18 minutes of cuts.
And Kubrick had a
contract that said
that they couldn't do that.
He's the only filmmaker that
has a contract that nobody
can cut his stuff.
And he refused, and then
he died five days later.
And then they removed
and definitely they cut.
Now I don't know if they
cut the sex scenes, though.
It appears to me that the
continuity errors which
are in "Eyes Wide
Shut," which are huge,
gigantic continuity errors,
and Kubrick would never
do that unless they
were on purpose or stuff
was cut out in between
these continuity errors.
>> Right.
>> And I believe that it
was all about MKUltra,
that Cruise went on--
I was told this, frankly,
by his assistant--
that Cruise went on a voyage
to find out-- after the orgy--
to find out what
was going on here.
And he discovered
the MKUltra programs.
>> Really?
>> Yep.
>> Was there any description
of how that was portrayed?
>> No, it's just that
that was the script.
And that's what irritated
the Warner Brothers.
>> Now there's no way of
finding the actual original--
>> They'll not release it.
I was the head of
a group of people
who were Kubrick fans demanding
that Warner Brothers release
the unedited version,
and they will not do it.
No way, Jose, they said.
>> What do we see in terms
of this power structure
in Hollywood?
Is it ultimately a
military intelligence
apparatus that's utilized
and that's really, I
would say, controlling
the images that Hollywood,
the pictures that
Hollywood's able to create?
>> Yeah, I think what
happened was that--
and I was part of this scene.
Actually your father was too--
is that in the early '70s, there
was a rebellion in Hollywood.
And a lot of really cool
films started getting made.
And then they just put
the kibosh about '78
on the whole thing and would not
let any more really cool films
released.
And that's when the
CIA said, that's it.
We have to take over.
And they began taking
over Hollywood,
and it was complete by '82, '83.
And they were pretty much--
there was still some freedom
till about the mid-'90s.
There were still some people
that had freedom to work,
like Kubrick, like your dad.
But most people, they
were under the thumb
of this very powerful
group that was
going to make dang sure that
nobody released anything
that was important.
>> And have you heard any rumors
or reports just about how they
can obviously have underground
facilities under studios where
they could even use
studios as fronts,
as basically a front for
any kind of psychological
operation, you know,
mind control testing.
You can do a lot of things,
obviously, under the guise
that, oh, it's just
a studio back lot.
Let's park some strange
equipment here and just
say it's part of a movie.
Have you heard rumors
and reports like this?
>> Oh, I certainly have.
There's all sorts of
things underground LA.
The most interesting rumor
is Dave McGowan's series
on Laurel Canyon, of which
I think he paid for his life
by writing this because
he died at 43 years old.
And he talks about this
hotel, the Overlook Hotel,
which was overlooking Los
Angeles at the top of Laurel
Canyon.
It burned down in '75, but
there are pictures of it,
and it looks just like the
hotel in "The Shining."
It's exact duplicate
of the hotel
that Kubrick chose in
"The Shining," so I think
Stanley was actually working
and inside this hotel, which
it wasn't a hotel.
It was a CIA operation,
which was essentially
running Hollywood and the
music scene from this place.
And Frank Zappa lived like
two blocks away from it.
>> Was it Lookout Mountain?
>> Lookout Mountain, that's it.
And Frank Zappa lived
about two blocks away,
and Frank Zappa
told me in '88, he
said the whole thing
was run by the CIA.
And I was like, oh, come on.
He said, no, no,
no, the whole thing
is being run by the CIA
right out of Laurel Canyon.
And I thought, no.
>> But he told you this.
>> He told me this, yeah.
>> Well one thing I
have to tell you--
>> And then he died.
>> One thing I have to tell you
about Lookout Mountain is that
it segues from Wonderland.
>> Yes, it does.
>> Wonderland, Through
the Looking Glass,
right next to each other.
>> Absolutely it does, and
I used to live on Wonderland
Avenue, so I know you're right.
I know the whole area very
well, and it's really spooky.
And then there's a 1938
article from the LA Times
about the tunnel
systems that are
all under LA that were there
before the white people
ever arrived.
>> The native legends.
>> Yeah, native legends, and
there's even, in the story,
talk about reptiles in these.
And I can't believe this.
They're like, really,
an LA Times story
saying there was
reptiles living under LA?
But it's there.
I mean, I can pull out the
article and show it to you.
>> Maybe Morrison was the
lizard king after all.
>> Yeah, well,
you've got to wonder.
His dad was the guy behind
the Tonkin Gulf incident.
He was the admiral that
ran the whole thing.
So you got to wonder who
Jim Morrison really was.
>> McGowan's book
is a must-read.
>> Yes it is.
>> Tell us quickly, what is the
upcoming show on Gaia with Jay
Dyer that you're doing?
>> "Hollywood Decoded," we're
going to tear the cover off
of Hollywood and the
shamanic mysteries and magic
of Hollywood and show you what
they're really doing to us.
It's going to be awesome.
>> That's a must-see for sure.
I would love that.
>> Yeah.
>> Heat it up.
Well thank you so much
for joining me today, Jay.
>> Thank you.
>> I really
appreciate your time.
And there you have it,
folks, fascinating insights
from Jay Weidner.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, but I urge
you to check out
his website, JayWeidner.com,
and his new show coming out here
on Gaia.
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path,
but it requires
constant reassessment.
I'm your host, Sean Stone,
and you are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]